1. Calculate Rectangle Area 
Write a simple function that calculates rectangle area. You will be given two integers (whole) numbers, which will represent length and width of the rectangle. Calculate and print the area of the rectangle.

2. Largest Number
Write a function that takes three number arguments as input and finds the largest of them.

· Print the following text on the console: `The largest number is {number}.`.

· The input comes as three number arguments passed to your function.

· The output should be printed to the console.

3. Sum of Numbers N…M
Write a function that takes two integer numbers N and M as an input and prints the sum of all numbers from N to M.

· The input comes as two string elements that need to be parsed as numbers.

· The output should print the sum.


4. Write a function that prints a number between 1 and 7 when a day of the week is passed to it as a string and an error message if the string is not recognized.

· The input comes as a single-string argument.

· The output should be printed.


5. Math Operations
Write a function that takes two numbers and a string as an input.

The string may be one of the following: '+', '-', '*', '/', '%', '**'.

Print on the console the result of the mathematical operation between both numbers and the operator you receive as a string.

The input comes as two numbers and a string argument passed to your function.

The output should be printed on the console.


6. Even Position Element
Write a function that finds the elements at even positions in an array.

The input comes as an array of string elements.

The output is printed on the console. Collect all elements in a string, separated by space. 


7. Bigger Half
You are given an array of numbers. Write a JS function that sorts the array in ascending order and returns a new array, containing only the second half of the input. If there is an odd number of elements in the input, always take the bigger half. For example, if the input array contains 4 elements, the output should be 2, and if the input is 5 – the output is 3.

The input comes as an array of number elements.

The output is the return value of the function and should be an array of numbers

8. Cats
Write a function that receives array of strings in the following format '{cat name} {age}'.

Create a Cat class that receives in the constructor the name and the age parsed from the input.

It should also have a method named "meow" that will print "{cat name}, age {age} says Meow" on the console.

For each of the strings provided, you must create a cat object and invoke the .meow () method.

9. Employees
You're tasked to create a list of employees and their personal numbers.

You will receive an array of strings. Each string is an employee name and to assign them a personal number you have to find the length of the name (whitespace included).

At the end print all the list employees in the following format:

"Name: {employeeName} -- Personal Number: {personalNum}" 

10. Aggregate Elements
Write a program that performs different operations on an array of elements. Implement the following operations:

· Sum(ai) - calculates the sum of all elements from the input array

· Sum(1/ai) - calculates the sum of the inverse values (1/ai) of all elements from the array

· Concat(ai) - concatenates the string representations of all elements from the array

The input comes as an array of number elements.

The output should be printed on the console on a new line for each of the operations.